dailylog.md, before:

# Daily log of this project

### July 12, 2022
- I am a bit late to do a daily log of this project but I just needed something to write down my progress.
- I tried to do a simple update to the json to get the full playlist instead of just 100 songs
- lost on how to do that so next goal is to work on that
- [ ] add more than 100 songs when requestion json form spotify 

### July 14, 2022
- I think ill move to use [tekore](https://tekore.readthedocs.io/en/stable/examples/scripts/play_saved_album.html)

### July 15, 2022
- I got tekore to give me back a response of all my playlists I follow and collaborate on.
- [ ] next step is to get a playlist and all of the songs on the playlist beyond the 100 song limit

### July 16, 2022
- I got tekore to print the name of the song
- Today was very on and off, I would work for 5 leave for 50 come back for 10 and leave for 2hr
- [ ] Next step is to print the artist who made the song alongside the name of the song

### July 20, 2022
- forgot to log yesterday 
- figures out how to get the artist name from the playlist
- need to now just get all items in the playlist, not just the 100 limit
  - I tried to do a for loop but it is not working, I will figure this out though

### July 21, 2022
- I unironically have no idea what I am doing wrong. 
- I have a for loop running and getting each of the songs and artist
  - the dict I put it into gets all the data
  - I think the problem is that the while loop is not broken
    - I tested the while loop with a print statement and I think the while loop is infinite

### July 22, 2022
- I finally got it to get the entire playlist
  - Both the song name and the songs artist


### July 24, 2022
- I finally got it to print out each of the playlist from a list
- Later on I also got the data into one dict instead of multiple dict responses
  - shout out to [this](https://towardsdatascience.com/merge-dictionaries-in-python-d4e9ce137374) for telling me how to combine dicts
- tomorrow I will try to get input from a user instead of just having hardcoded links

### July 25, 2022
- Did today
  - I was able to get a users id and scan the playlist they made and follow
- todo
  - need to have the ability to choose which playlist you want scanned 


### July 31, 2022
- Did today
  - Got users playlist and put them in a dictonary
  - was able to make the key value the playlist id
- todo
  - pick what playlist you want in the dictonary and it takes the playlist id

### July , 2022
### July , 2022
### July , 2022
### July , 2022
### July , 2022
### July , 2022
### July , 2022
### July , 2022

Commit message:

added source for readme and added log in dailylog

dailylog.md, after:

# Daily log of this project

### July 12, 2022
- I am a bit late to do a daily log of this project but I just needed something to write down my progress.
- I tried to do a simple update to the json to get the full playlist instead of just 100 songs
- lost on how to do that so next goal is to work on that
- [ ] add more than 100 songs when requestion json form spotify 

### July 14, 2022
- I think ill move to use [tekore](https://tekore.readthedocs.io/en/stable/examples/scripts/play_saved_album.html)

### July 15, 2022
- I got tekore to give me back a response of all my playlists I follow and collaborate on.
- [ ] next step is to get a playlist and all of the songs on the playlist beyond the 100 song limit

### July 16, 2022
- I got tekore to print the name of the song
- Today was very on and off, I would work for 5 leave for 50 come back for 10 and leave for 2hr
- [ ] Next step is to print the artist who made the song alongside the name of the song

### July 20, 2022
- forgot to log yesterday 
- figures out how to get the artist name from the playlist
- need to now just get all items in the playlist, not just the 100 limit
  - I tried to do a for loop but it is not working, I will figure this out though

### July 21, 2022
- I unironically have no idea what I am doing wrong. 
- I have a for loop running and getting each of the songs and artist
  - the dict I put it into gets all the data
  - I think the problem is that the while loop is not broken
    - I tested the while loop with a print statement and I think the while loop is infinite

### July 22, 2022
- I finally got it to get the entire playlist
  - Both the song name and the songs artist


### July 24, 2022
- I finally got it to print out each of the playlist from a list
- Later on I also got the data into one dict instead of multiple dict responses
  - shout out to [this](https://towardsdatascience.com/merge-dictionaries-in-python-d4e9ce137374) for telling me how to combine dicts
- tomorrow I will try to get input from a user instead of just having hardcoded links

### July 25, 2022
- Did today
  - I was able to get a users id and scan the playlist they made and follow
- todo
  - need to have the ability to choose which playlist you want scanned 


### July 31, 2022
- Did today
  - Got users playlist and put them in a dictonary
  - was able to make the key value the playlist id
- todo
  - pick what playlist you want in the dictonary and it takes the playlist id

### October 5, 2022
- I really added nothing. I am just trying to get the users playlist and then have them answer which ones they want scanned
